Refactored docs (#983)
Qiskit/qiskit-experiments: docs/tutorials/calibrations.rst

#######################################################
Calibrations: Schedules and gate parameters from experiments 
#######################################################

> To produce high fidelity quantum operations, we want to be able to run good gates. The calibration module in qiskit-experiments allows users to run experiments to find the pulse shapes and parameter values that maximizes the fidelity of the resulting quantum operations. Calibrations experiments encapsulates the internal processes and allow experimenters do calibration operations in a quicker way. Without the experiments module, we would need to define pulse schedules and plot the resulting measurement data manually (see also `Qiskit textbook <https://qiskit.org/textbook/ch-quantum-hardware/calibrating-qubits-pulse.html>`_ for calibrating qubits with Qiskit Terra). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To produce high fidelity quantum operations, we want to be able to run good gates. The calibration module in qiskit-experiments allows users to run experiments to find the pulse shapes and parameter values that maximize the fidelity of the resulting quantum operations. Calibration experiments encapsulates the internal processes and allow experimenters do calibration operations in a quicker way. Without the experiments module, we would need to define pulse schedules and plot the resulting measurement data manually (see also `Qiskit textbook <https://qiskit.org/textbook/ch-quantum-hardware/calibrating-qubits-pulse.html>`_ for calibrating qubits with Qiskit Terra). 
```
